[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Lisa Garr, host
of "Gaiam Inspirations."
For those of you who have
been studying and living
in the consciousness
movement for a long time,
but you still feel that there's
maybe something missing,
or another level that
you'd like to reach,
well then pay close
attention to today's guest.
This could be the information
that you are waiting for.
At least, that is what people
say who become familiar
with access consciousness.
Joining me is Doctor
Dain here the co-creator
of Access Consciousness.
And it's been taught around
the world in over 40 countries
for the past 15 years.
And it's just beginning to
have a huge presence in the US.
So welcome, welcome
to the show, Dr. Dain.
Thanks, Lisa, great
pleasure to be with you.
It's a great pleasure
to have you with me.
So tell us, what is
access consciousness?
In short, it's
just a way-- it's
a set of tools,
techniques, and information
that give you capacities to
change anything in your life
you want to change.
There's a lot of
tools out there.
That's a lot of
different things.
What makes this different?
And what exactly is it?
I'd say one of the
biggest things that
makes it different
is we don't say
we have the answer to anything.
We just have a lot of questions.
So the thing is, we
acknowledge that you actually
know what's true for you.
And you're the
only one who does.
If I can give you
the right question
or ask you the right
question, then you
can access that
knowing, and thereby
heal and change yourself.
So I come up with
my own answers
and unlock my own
healing potential.
Yes.
So how did you
come across Access?
How did you learn about it?
Oh, boy, 12 years ago-- or I
guess it's 13 years ago now.
We survived 2012.
So 13 years ago, I
was a chiropractor.
I was starting my
second practice.
And I had tried every technique
known to man, woman, and child.
And my life still sucked.
And, basically, I just got
tired of waking up unhappy
and feeling like there was no
way I was ever going to create
the life that I desired.
And I said, universe,
you've got six months.
Either my life changes
or I'm killing myself.
And I don't care which it is.
And I meant it.
LISA GARR: It got
that bad for you.
It was that bad.
I mean, I remember driving
to work looking left
and looking right,
thinking, why am I
the only unhappy person
here on this planet?
It was that bad.
And so literally a
week later, I saw
an ad for Access Consciousness.
Well-- and the ad
said, all of life
comes to me with ease,
and joy, and glory.
And, of course, that
made me happy, right?
No, I wanted to kill the person
that put the ad in the paper.
I was like, my life is
not ease, joy, and glory.
It's pain, suffering, and gory.
And so because I was
in such resistance,
I called to have a
session, because if you
love it or hate it there's
something there for you.
I had one session.
And it literally in
an hour and 15 minutes
changed the entire energy
of what I knew was possible.
I had a sense of space again.
Well, let's talk a little
bit about where you came from,
because you obviously
were sitting
at that light angry at
the world for a reason.
DAIN HEER: Right.
Tell me a little bit
about where you were raised
and your past.
Oh, boy, well, yeah
it's-- I was actually--
I grew up in the ghetto.
When I was a little
kid, I was literally
the only white kid in the
ghetto for eight square miles.
LISA GARR: In LA?
Yeah, it was
actually in Carson.
And it's interesting
because Carson is going
through a Renaissance now.
And I'm like, couldn't you have
gone through that Renaissance
40 years ago, you know, when
I needed it, or 35 years ago?
But what happened
was growing up there,
I experienced every kind of
abuse imaginable-- you know,
sexual abuse, emotional
abuse, physical abuse,
fearing for my life.
But what's interesting
as I look back on it,
and I realize that
it wasn't until I
was about eight years
old that I realized
I was a different color
than all of my friends.
We were just friends.
At eight years old was the first
time I'd actually got beaten
up for being a different color.
And I went home to my
mom, because the person
came up to me hit
me and said, what
are you doing here, whitey?
And I went home and
I'm like bleeding.
And I'm like, mom,
what's a whitey?
So I've had this
experience in life
of experiencing sort of
the most horrendous abuse
that you can experience.
LISA GARR: And judgment.
And all the judgments,
and all the wrongness
that I think a lot of us carry.
And it was weighing
so heavily on me.
And I tried so many
things to change it.
But they didn't work.
They worked for
about three days.
You know how you'll do
a seminar or something,
and your feeling like,
oh, maybe this is it?
And then for me by Wednesday, I
was back in the doldrums again.
What I required was
the tools to change it,
and looking from a different
place, which Access
actually created.
Well, based on your past
and based on the fact
that you went through so
many different tragedies,
I mean, I doubt it ended
at eight years old.
I mean, did you get--
DAIN HEER: So true, no.
It kept going.
Yeah, it kept going
in a number of ways.
And it was this thing of
just knowing that there
should be something greater.
I always had in
here, I knew there
should be something greater.
And I knew I should
be able to find it.
And I thought the next
seminar would give it to me,
and the next seminar
would give it to me.
The difference that
occurred for me with Access
was I got the sense
of space of what
it was like to be alive again.
And I actually didn't lose it.
From the first
session, it's like I
was in this
contracted place where
I was really ready to die.
And I got some space.
And if you've ever
had that where you're
going through a tragedy
or a trauma, and something
gives you some breathing
room, it's like, oh.
Right, because when you
hit that level of tragedy,
especially when you're young
as you were, and you were
imprintable at that
time, and you had-- you
tend to re-create
that over, and over,
and over again in your life.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
It goes on 16
years old, 20 years
old, 26 years old,
until you really,
really break the pattern.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
Most people never
break the pattern even
though they've tried and tried.
And I've been in the same space.
And tried.
You need something
outside yourself
sometimes to break the pattern
and crack your awareness open.
Yeah, something outside
yourself and something that
actually looks from
a different place.
One of my favorite things
about Access Consciousness
is it looks from a totally
different place than most
of what's available currently.
And because of that, it has
tools that can unlock things
that, for me at least,
I wasn't able to unlock
in any other way.
And there's a lot of great
stuff out there, as you know.
If I'm talking to anybody
who knows, you know.
LISA GARR: Yeah,
I've interviewed
most of them, right, right.
Exactly, absolutely,
and a lot of people
doing great stuff in the world.
This is-- it's different
on the one hand.
And at the same time, anything
that's true-- you know,
there's an element of truth in
everything that's out there.
And one of the tools
of Access Consciousness
is what's true makes
you feel lighter.
A lie makes you feel heavier.
So what we do in the
creation of Access
is we actually endeavor
to only do that
which makes us feel lighter.
In other words, in the tools
if it doesn't create more
lightness, we don't
use it because that's
getting us into stuff that's
not actually true for us.
So the tools are fairly simple.
Fairly simple, yes.
They've got to be in order to
not add a bunch of heaviness
on to it.
Exactly.
So I'm not going to ask anyone
listening right now to say,
this is it.
This is the end all.
I want you to teach us, if you
can, some of those tools, some
of the ways that people can
experience this-- in the hour
that we have together, ways
that people can understand.
What types of questions can
we start to ask ourselves?
Well, one great
question-- and you
want to ask this when
something bad happens
or when something good
happens-- how does
it get any better than this?
LISA GARR: What do you mean?
Well, what happens
is what most people
do is when something, quote
unquote, bad happens, they go,
oh no.
And then they're
left with a problem
because your point of
view creates a reality.
So whatever point
of view you take
about what occurs that's the
reality that gets created.
Your point of view
creates your reality.
Reality doesn't create
your point of view.
Like, if you-- for
example, there was a guy
when Hurricane Andrew occurred.
And he was standing there.
He was being
interviewed on the news.
And he was like-- and the guy
said, hey, how are you doing?
And he went, oh my
gosh, moved down here,
sunk all my savings into that.
And there was just a concrete
slab where his house had been.
I sunk all my savings into
that house thinking it
was going to be there forever.
Now it's gone.
But I'm doing OK.
I found a pair of
underwear so I'm not naked.
His point of view
created-- that's going
to create a lightness and
a different possibility.
What a lot of this is
about is the ability
to change your point of view.
So it's the meaning
that we give things.
DAIN HEER: Yeah.
It's our perception
of these things.
Yes.
And that's what locks us
into that particular feeling?
DAIN HEER: Yes.
-And that gets into ourselves?
It gets into ourselves.
It gets into the creation
of our entire life.
It gets into the energy that
we carry with us and around us.
And what's happened is from
the time we were little,
we perceived what everybody
else was doing, and went,
oh, this is how I'm supposed
to be, rather than how would
I like to be?
How would I like to
be in the situation?
So what happens is
let's say you grew up
with some abusive
people, well, you
tend to try to mimic
that because you think
that's the way reality is.
LISA GARR: Unconciously, yes.
-Yeah, exactly.
So we talked about, how does
it get any better than this?
If you ask it in
a bad situation,
it allows a situation
to get better.
If you ask it in
a good situation,
it allows a situation
to get even better.
That's one.
Another really cool piece
of information that's
really helpful is that
98% of your thoughts,
your feelings, and your emotions
actually don't belong to you.
You're like a big
psychic radio receiver.
And what is that?
Well, it's like have you
ever known what your mate was
thinking before you
even talked to them
when you walk in the door?
Or do you ever call
them because you
know they need you to
call them except they
haven't talked to you?
LISA GARR: Right.
Well, that's because
you're able to pick up
on those energies.
But literally 98%
of your thoughts,
your feelings, and your
emotions don't belong to you.
If you were just to go,
who does this belong to?
To the heaviness, the
judgment, the thoughts,
the feelings, and the emotions,
if it lightens up at all,
it's not yours.
If you were to ask, who does
this belong to every judgment,
every thought, every
feeling, and every emotion
for three days, at
the end of three days
you'd walk around like you're
a walking, talking meditation.
So you would assign these
different feelings of heaviness
to other people?
They wouldn't
necessarily be ours?
Yeah, which is interesting
because a lot of times if we
feel something we assume
it's ours because nobody
ever told us it isn't.
Well, for very
empathetic people.
Yes.
And for people that tend
to be very highly sensitive.
Yes.
Yeah, I do tend to
take on the world.
DAIN HEER: Yeah.
-Yeah.
And that's the
thing is when you do
that you're burdening yourself.
A lot.
And you also want to
help heal the world.
You want to make it a
better place, of course.
So you think, wow, if
I can take on more pain
and suffering because
I know I can handle it,
maybe the world will
become a better place.
But in actuality, when you let
go of the pain and suffering,
then you become the
inspiration to the people
who are looking for joy, and who
are looking for possibilities,
and who see no place
else to find it.
Well, I want you guys
to take a look at this
and determine this for your own.
Take a look at this video
of Dr. Dain here in action.
I created this class for
the seekers of the world,
the people in this
world that know
there is something different.
But don't just know
it's different,
but that know that they should
be able to have it, that know
that the only thing standing
between them and something
different is actually the
inspiration and the tools
to make it happen.
There's all kinds
of aspects to it.
There's all kinds of stuff that
goes on in the class that's
designed to give you not only
the tools to change your life
but the inspiration to know it's
possible because you actually
see other people change.
A lot of people, the reason
they're so darn unhappy
is because they're
trying to live lives that
have so little to do with them.
They're trying to
live the life that
would make their parents happy.
They're trying to
live the life that
would make their mate happy.
They're trying to
live their life
that would make their
dogs and cats happy
rather than what
would make them happy.
When you get to be you,
you get to actually
have a life that involves you.
And what I give
you in this class
is actually the tools, because
what it requires is tools.
I think that's one of the things
that we're missing so much,
is the actual tools.
When you're in the trenches and
you just want to kill people--
can I say that?-- or when you're
in the trenches and you just
want to cry, or you don't know
what to do with your kids,
it's like these are the tools
to actually change those
situations that we have in
everyday life so that more
of our lives can be the space
that we'd like it to be,
the space that we have when
we're playing with kids,
the space we have that
we're playing with animals,
the space that we have
when we're out in nature.
That's what it's like to be you.
That's what it should be
like to be you in every one
of the situations in your life.
Imagine living in a world
with complete allowance,
with gentleness and
caring, and no judgement.
That's what we got
a taste of here.
Because what I
want people to do
is I'd like them to look
from the perspective of,
truly, if I could have anything,
if I could have anything
in the world, what would it be?
You know how we preserve
pickles in a pickle jar?
When I really got that we
preserve our life like that,
and we wait for some
day when I'll be rich,
or when I have xyz,
whatever, fill in the blanks,
that I'm really
going to live, wow, I
really broke the pickle
jar like, it's outta here.
We are going to do a
section on relationships.
We're going to do a
section on bodies.
We're going to do
a section on money.
We're going to do a
section on future,
and how to actually create your
future from a totally different
place than anybody
else on this planet
knows or is talking about.
That, I got to say, is one of my
favorites, because a lot of us
spend a lot of time trying
to handle our problems.
And I get that, because I
was there 12 years ago too.
I was there.
Before I came to Access,
that's what I was trying to do,
was handle all my problems.
But once you start
to create your future
and you start to head in
that direction of the space
that future actually
is, the problems
that are back here
holding you back
cease to be able to
hold on to you anymore
because you're moving too fast.
And you're too much space.
The other tool that I use-- and
I don't know if you could even
call it a tool it's more
of a universe of its own--
is something called the
energetic synthesis of being.
It's an energy that I stepped
into being several years ago
when I first came to
Access Consciousness.
And what would happen is I'd
lay a person down on a table.
And I'd start working
on their body.
And a lot of times
their body would twitch.
Or it would move.
Or it would flow.
And they would get up and
say, wow, I feel so different.
But it wasn't just that
they felt different.
I would talk to
them months later.
And they would say,
that changed everything
that I knew was possible.
And so I use this energy.
During the being you class,
I've got a table up there.
And I'll be working on
people most of the class.
And what's the interesting part
is while I'm working on them
you can actually get the change
in your body and your life.
It's like using this person
to facilitate the entire room
and create change
in the entire room.
You really yet you-- like, not
the preserved version of you,
but the genie out of the
bottle version of you.
If you're still seeking,
still hoping, still dreaming,
consider this my
invitation to you
to actually creating it
in your life as a reality.
I just attended the being
you changing the world course.
And I'm totally new to
Access Consciousness,
had no idea what to expect.
And this is absolutely
the best thing
I've ever done for myself.
And I'm getting emotional.
But it's just been an
amazing experience.
And I think everyone
should have the opportunity
to choose this
type of possibility
for themselves and their lives.
So thank you, thank you,
thank you so, so much.
And it's not like it's like a
fixed you now, now you've got
and it's a conclusion.
But it's a complete expansion.
And it keeps expanding further,
and further, and further.
Like in the next 10 seconds, I
don't know who I'm going to be.
And I'm really excited about it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So the people that we saw
in the video, when they come
to you in the beginning,
what do they usually
say when they're coming to you?
Well, what's interesting
is most of the people
that come to Access are
the seekers of the world.
What most of them
say, even though they
may want to handle their
money, or their relationships,
or their body--
you know, the stuff
that everybody wants to
handle-- they go, you know what?
I've been looking my whole
life because I know there's
something greater than this.
LISA GARR: I've tried this.
I've tried that.
I've been to the mountain.
Yes, exactly, I've
been to the mountain.
I've seen Mohamed.
He didn't help either.
Can you hook a brother up is
kind of their point of view.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
And what they find
is this awareness
that they're not wrong.
They never have been wrong.
They've been different
their whole lives
and nobody was able to
acknowledge that different.
One of the questions
I like to ask people
is, what if
everything you thought
was wrong about you is a
greatness that you just haven't
yet been able to acknowledge?
Like give me an example.
Well, for example, there was
a little girl who had OCD.
And she was washing
her hands all the time.
And what happened was
within-- my business partner
Gary Douglas the
founder of Access
actually worked with
her for 45 minutes.
And he got her over 80%
of her OCD symptoms.
Why?
Well, what he did was he
got her to acknowledge--
remember this who does
this belong to thing
we just talked about?
He got her to acknowledge
that she was picking up
the thoughts, feelings, and
emotions that she was having,
or that she thought
she was having.
And she was picking up things
in other people's heads.
And so she was
washing her hands all
the time to try
to get rid of all
that stuff that was going on.
That makes sense.
You pick up things
when you're a child.
Most things are
behavior related.
And then you expand on those.
And you give meaning
to them so they
become habits,
patterns, diseases,
illnesses, all sorts of things.
DAIN HEER: Right.
So, all right, so then
someone comes to you and says,
I have a challenge
with pain in my body.
What do you do?
What do you say to them?
Well, one of the things is
I found when I was using this
in my chiropractor practice that
somewhere between 50% and 100%
of the pain in people's bodies
actually was not theirs.
And I know that sounds weird.
And, you know, if you're
out there listening,
and you're going, wait a minute.
That's crazy.
I thought so too.
I had a guy come to me.
I'd been working on him for
three months as a chiropractor.
He was in an 8 out of 10 scale
of pain every time he came in.
And it would go down
to a three or four
until the next time he came in.
And it would be
at an eight again.
I got this tool of, who
does this belong to?
I didn't know what
else to do with him.
And I told him, go
to somebody else.
He said, look, doc,
you're the only one who's
been helping me this much.
And I went, OK.
And as he went to lie down--
and it took him five minutes
to relax his body enough
to lie down-- I said,
I just went and took
this seminar where I
got this piece of information.
Let me ask you a question.
Who does that back
pain belong to?
And he pushed himself up, and
looks at me, and says my wife.
And, literally, within
that moment 80% of his pain
disappeared.
And I had no idea
what was going on.
I just used this tool.
I remember you saying
to me-- I called
you when my husband was sick.
And your said, ask him the
question, what is he sick of?
Yes, that's another
great question.
That's a huge question.
It is.
So when somebody is sick,
you literally ask them,
what are you sick of?
And they'll tell you.
He told me.
He was sick of stress.
Right, yeah.
And it's interesting because
we know what we're sick of.
That's the thing is
you know something.
And the thing I
love about access
is that you know something.
You know your own answers.
And you also know
something else.
You have this secret that
you've been holding on to.
And when you actually
give it up it
creates a contribution
of the world that
changes the face of Access,
but also changes your life
and changes the world.
And so when ask this,
what are you sick of?
And then ask them, OK, are
you willing to let this go?
Oh, that's the follow
up question I didn't--
DAIN HEER: That's the
important one, yeah.
I missed that piece.
Oh, darn it, I missed
the important part.
Exactly.
-So what did you say?
What is it?
Are you willing
to let go of this?
Yeah, are you willing
to let this go?
Or are you willing to destroy
it-- destroy that limitation
and uncreate it?
Let's talk about
creating and destroying.
You talk a lot about this.
And a lot of your information
from what I've learned
is about truth.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
So how do we create and
destroy to get ourselves
back to that place of truth?
Well, what you do is you
take-- Im' trying to think
of a real easy example.
So you could ask yourself--
OK, so let's say you're
having a relationship problem.
You can go, OK, so
how many judgments
do I have of this person I'm
in a relationship with that
are killing my relationship?
And am I willing now to
destroy, and uncreate
them, and let them go?
And if you are, well,
we have this magic wand
called a clearing
statement, which
is sort of beyond the scope
of today's discussion.
But you just asked to
destroy and uncreate it.
And the universe goes,
oh, cool, no problem.
And you're starting fresh.
If you were to wake
up every morning
and destroy and uncreate
the relationship you have,
that doesn't mean
you get divorced.
What it means is you're
destroying and uncreating
the judgments from the past,
starting and creating anew
starting today.
Actually, that brings up a
good point, because the clearing
statements that you talk
about throughout Access
Consciousness-- and I've had
a little bit of experience
with this-- have a
frequency, have an energy
to them that really
break up current states
of reality and energy.
DAIN HEER: Right.
Do those come from
another dimension?
I mean, where do you--
does it come from what?
On the one hand, I'd say, yes.
LISA GARR: OK.
And on the other hand,
I'd say, if we went even
beyond the
dimensional construct,
and we dissolved the
walls between dimensions,
and got that we are
infinite beings--
because wouldn't an
infinite being have access
to all dimensions right now?
LISA GARR: One would hope.
Yeah, but notice that energy?
Notice how when I say
that there's a lightness
and an expansiveness to it?
LISA GARR: Space.
Space, and that is literally
how we can live and be here--
and not from some weird,
I've got to go live in a cave
to do this, or I've got to
meditate only and not live
my life, or anything like that.
It's more like, how can
you be that right now?
How can you be that
with your family?
How can you be it at work?
How can you be it while
walking down the street?
And if you were
willing to, would you
be an inspiration
for other people
to know that they can be it to?
You talk also a lot about
inclusion versus competition.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
And that's a very
important point.
That's something that's stayed
with me for a while now,
is what you're
talking about here
is sometimes I
would think, well, I
have to go on a retreat,
or be on a vacation,
or something, in order to
experience the full relaxation
that I need to.
DAIN HEER: Right.
And you say that
you can actually
have that relaxation here and
now and not make it separate?
DAIN HEER: Yes.
This applies to many different
areas, but explain that.
Well, that's who we
actually are as beings.
You know, when
little kids come in.
They don't go, oh,
no, life sucks.
We learn that.
We learn that life sucks.
And we can also unlearn it.
But if you could imagine that
little kids have something
that we love about them.
It's part of the reason
we love being around them.
It's part of the reason we feel
lighter when we're around them,
because what they don't
do is they don't judge.
Judgment is one of the
biggest killers there is.
And we've bought that we have
to do it in order to create,
in order to do what's right, in
order not to do what's wrong.
No, it's actually
when you come out
of judgement that you create.
You don't worry about
right and wrong.
You just choose what's going
to contribute more to you
and the people around you.
And you come out of the
heaviness you often pile
on yourself for
thinking that you're
somehow wrong in your life.
So there's a
question you can ask.
OK, what judgment
do I have of me
that if I didn't have it would
allow me to be totally free?
What judgment do I have of
me that if I didn't have it
would allow me to
be totally free?
DAIN HEER: Yeah.
There's about 90.
Yeah, exactly, and
there's layer, after layer,
after layer.
But if you use that, if you
ask that question, then you go,
OK, I'll let that go.
I'll destroy and uncreate it.
And then just add this
to it, pod and pok.
Pok is the point of
creation of the thoughts,
feelings, and emotions where
you lock that thing in place.
So if you could-- and pod
is the point of destruction.
So you create a limitation
or you destroy your awareness
that there doesn't have
to be a limitation there
in order to hold it in place.
Now, that can sound
kind of weird.
But if you just
go, what judgment
do I have of me that if
I didn't have it would
allow me to be totally free?
Will I destroy it and
uncreate it, pod and pok it?
And, literally, what you have
is with the questions-- see,
a question always opens up
other doorways of possibility.
What most people do is
they come to a conclusion.
And their conclusion
is all they can see.
It's like you have these walls
to the right and the left.
And you can't see over them.
You can't see around him.
So you have to head
in that direction.
But when you ask a question,
it's like doors open
to the right and to the left.
And they have light, and space,
and possibilities behind them.
Those walls got there
because of the decisions
that we made in the first place.
And they stay there.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
So they can be
unlocked just as easily.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
-Just as easily.
But it just seems to me that
just asking a simple question
isn't going to unlock
the walls that I've
built up over 20, 30 years.
DAIN HEER: Why not?
LISA GARR: Because I
made that decision.
-Exactly.
-Good point.
And here's the
interesting thing
when people come to Access.
They start sort of
timidly going, OK,
well let me try to change this.
And then it actually changes.
And they can feel
it in their life.
And that thing is never
a problem for them again.
And then they get
more courageous.
And they're like, OK, I asked
for this and it changed.
OK, I'm going to
ask for this now.
And then you start to
realize that change
is actually possible.
And then life starts
getting excited.
-And then change becomes easy?
-Yes.
Yes, oh there are so many
more levels and layers to this.
And I want to take more time and
talk to Dain a little bit more
about the bars.
And you're going to watch
some more video that talks
about this clearing statement,
and some of the clearing
statements as well.
So we're going to
take a quick break.
We'll be back with
Dr. Dain here talking
about Access Consciousness.
FEMALE (VOICEOVER): What if
there was an online channel
where you could find
thousands of videos devoted
to really changing your world?
What if this channel
offered programming that
cared about the things
that mattered most
to you-- your well-being,
your community, and the world
beyond?
Most people really are
thinking the same way every day,
acting the same way, and
feeling the same way,
but really hoping
something will show
up differently in their life.
And it never does.
FEMALE (VOICEOVER):
And what if it was also
dedicated to yoga,
fitness, and alternative
approaches to health?
You don't focus on
what holds you back.
You focus on what's
already their.
FEMALE (VOICEOVER):
History and spirituality.
Ego is the belief that
you are separated from God,
which is the most
terrifying thought
that could ever happen to us.
FEMALE (VOICEOVER): What if
it offered solutions to many
of the problems we face today?
Is it possible that there
is something I don't fully
understand about life,
the understanding of which
would change everything?
FEMALE (VOICEOVER): What if it
went that extra mile to help
you find passion and purpose?
When you're doing what you're
supposed to do, doors open.
FEMALE (VOICEOVER): What if this
channel didn't have any ads,
and instead used its
valuable air time to engage?
FEMALE: You will accomplish
so much more if you're happy.
FEMALE (VOICEOVER):
Entertain and enlighten?
We are spiritual
beings immersed
in the human experience.
FEMALE (VOICEOVER): With
many of the top thinkers
and visionaries from
around the world?
MALE: We started
this film by asking
what's wrong with the world.
And we ended up discovering
what's right with it.
FEMALE (VOICEOVER):
Well, guess what?
It's here.
Inspirational films, original
interviews, engaging series,
welcome to Gaiam TV--
thousands of streaming videos
to fuel your life's journey.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Welcome back to
"Gaiam Inspirations."
I'm Lisa Garr.
And joining me is Dr. Dain
Heer from Access Consciousness.
And we've been talking
about the different tools,
and techniques, and
questions, basically,
that this level of teaching
offers us, and expands for us,
and opens for us.
And most of what
I've been feeling
as I've been speaking with
you has been a level of space.
It's almost like a rainbow has
opened up around me of space.
DAIN HEER: Right, right.
And it's light.
And it's enjoyable.
And it often leads to a lot
of giggling and laughter.
DAIN HEER: It does.
It leads to giggling
and laughter.
And people go, you can't
be doing serious work
if you're giggling.
I'm like, no, actually
it's very serious
right until we giggle and
then right afterwards too.
[LAUGHTER]
But it's like laughter
creates more change than tears.
Why do we insist,
especially in people
who are going for a, quote
unquote, enlightenment, why
do we insist on being so heavy?
LISA GARR: Look
that the Dalai Lama.
He just laughs most of the time.
I know, exactly,
it's got light right
in the middle of the word.
How can-- so--
Enlightenment, thank you.
Yes, so the clearing statement
we were talking a little bit
about before the break.
What is the energy that it has?
And when do you say it?
Why do you say it?
Well, what you would
do is you would just
think of any limitation
that you want to undo,
or any point of
view, any heaviness.
So, for example, you could
wake up in the morning
and you could say to
yourself, hm, everything
that doesn't allow today to be
the best day so far, I'm now
going to destroy
and uncreate it,
which is the beauty
of this, is where
you put your power to choose
into motion on your behalf.
And then in that destroying and
uncreating, what you're saying
is universe, you know what?
I don't even know it would be
that's keeping me from this.
But I'm going to let it go now.
And then you go pod and pok it.
Or you can do the long form of
the clearing statement, which
is right and wrong, good and
bad, pod and pok, all nine,
shorts, boys, and beyond, which
is a big mouthful for people.
And oftentimes their eyes
glaze over when you say it.
But you can just do that short
form pod and pud and pok.
When I hear you say that to
me, it's when a truth comes in.
DAIN HEER: Right.
It's when you are
saying hello to the fact
that truth happened.
And you expand the
moment of the truth.
DAIN HEER: Beautifully put.
When you say that statement.
It's almost like-- it
is, it like a magic wand
and a statement, that's great.
So basically what
you're saying is,
yes, you've said truth,
create and destroy
anything that doesn't allow
you to have the fullness.
So let's talk about money.
So I saw that--
DAIN HEER: A very
popular subject.
Yes, exactly and I saw
you had a whole class
on clearing money.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
So you bring these clearing
statements in when-- what do
most people have around money?
What are the limitations?
The biggest thing about
money is it's actually
an unwillingness
to receive, which
is really interesting
because you think,
no, it's about money.
No, it's actually about what
you're unwilling to receive.
There's no such thing
as a money issue.
There's only what you're
unwilling to receive,
which is why you look at some
people who are mean and unkind
but they're really
good with money,
because they're willing to
receive money because they
don't have a judgment of it.
For most of us who are looking
to create change in the world,
somewhere we got this
idea that money is bad,
and money is wrong.
And money shouldn't be
part of the equation.
So we literally eliminate
it from our lives.
We're not willing to receive it.
So here's what you could do.
So-- well, we might
get [INAUDIBLE].
But here's what you can do
is, OK, so everything that I
decided that money is bad for
money is wrong, everything that
makes me refuse to receive it,
we now destroy and uncreate it,
right and wrong, good and
bad, pod and pok, all nine
shorts, boys and beyonds.
So then I'm starting
to think of things where
past, childhood, all these
memories start to flood
in where I wouldn't be
willing to receive it,
don't feel worthy,
all that stuff.
Then I just start to clear
it, and you start to clear it.
Yeah, you start to clear it.
And it's going to take a
lot more than one of these.
-Of course.
-Clear it.
And then run the same exact
thing again because it'll
clear the next layer.
And then run it again.
And it'll clear the next layer.
And run it again.
In about 20 or 30 times, I'll
ask you to think about money.
And you go, wow, it feels good
like that rainbow you were
talking about with the space?
LISA GARR: Yeah, right.
Imagine being able to have
that even around money.
And I know that's
not necessarily
a problem in your world, but
for a lot of people out there--
Oh, I can see that, absolutely.
And this is how we
start changing it.
This is how you start
changing all sorts of things.
We're going to take
a look at Dain here,
Dr. Dain, in action
teaching a class on clearing
issues around money.
Take a look.
So if you realize
that, oh my gosh,
there's a generosity
that would be available
if I allowed myself not to have
to struggle with money anymore.
But I think what most
of us have been doing
is we've been making ourselves
have just enough, or just
enough plus a little bit,
to believe that we're not
the force and source of change
in the world that we are,
that we're not the contribution
to change in the world
that we are, that we're not
the creators that we are,
that we're not the destroyers
of limitation that we are.
So how much have you
used money to prove
every limited point
of view about you
that you've been choosing?
Everything that is,
times a gazillion,
will you destroy it
and uncreate it please?
AUDIENCE: Yes.
Right and wrong, good
and bad, pod and pok,
all nine in shots, boys and
beyonds How much have you
used money as the
anti-joy in your life
rather than the contribution
to the expansion
of joy in your life?
Everything that is
times a gazillion
will you destroy and
uncreate it, please?
AUDIENCE: Yes.
Right and wrong, good and
bad, pod and pok, all nine
shorts boys and beyonds.
OK, so if you lie there
and you just take maybe 10,
15, maybe 20 minutes,
if it's fun, keep going.
But lie there and ponder what
you would choose in your life,
and what you would choose
to contribute to the world
if you had $100 million
that replenished
at the beginning of every year.
And just play with
the energy of it.
And play with it.
And then also ask, OK,
if no one in my life
had to stay in my
life, if I could
have a life without any of the
people I didn't want there--
[LAUGHTER]
Now's not a good time
to look left and right.
Don't do that, OK?
[LAUGHTER]
If you could have
that in addition,
what would you choose?
And just play with
the energies of that.
The reason I'm asking you to
do it for at least three days
is because the first
day it'll be one way.
The second day you'll have
all kinds of other stuff
that you didn't
even think you could
possibly contemplate having or
asking for in the second day.
And on the third day, it's going
to be different even still.
If you were to do
it for 21 days--
although asking a humanoid to
do that is just like, here,
why don't you
shave off your head
and pull all your teeth out?
You know?
[LAUGHTER]
I'm shaving off my-- um, yeah,
do you have, like, hair loss?
No, I just shaved off my head.
I'm good.
Don't worry about
it, no problem.
But it's like that, asking
you to do it for 21 days.
So play with it for as
long as you want to.
So it's stupidity are you
using to create the money
problem you are choosing.
Everything that is,
times a gazillion
will you destroy and
uncreate it, please?
AUDIENCE: Yes.
Right and wrong, good and bad,
pod and pok, all nine shorts,
boys, and beyonds.
And for those of you who have
never heard about stupidity--
because there are people out
there who will hear this who've
never heard about stupidity--
it's basically the places where
you're making yourself unaware.
And the reason we
use stupidity is
because notice that
charge that it brings
up when we say stupidity?
That's why we're using it, to
undo that charge so you don't
ever have to resist and react
to functioning from unawareness
ever again, so you don't
have to choose to function
from unawareness
ever again, so you
can actually have
awareness in this area
rather than unawareness.
So what stupidity are
you using to create
the money you are choosing?
Everything that is
times a gazillion,
will you destroy and
uncreate it, please?
AUDIENCE: Yes.
Right and wrong, good and bad,
pod and pok, all nine shorts,
boys, and beyonds.
That was great to
see because those
clearing statements that we just
talked about were in the video.
So there are other
clearing statements
that apparently you can listen
to throughout the night.
DAIN HEER: Yes, that's one
of those wonderful things.
I don't know about
you, but I did--
I used to listen to-- when I
was going through the phase
of wanting to kill myself
and everything else,
I used to listen to
subliminals as a way
of trying to change
things, except I didn't
see much change in my life.
With these, you can
literally put them on a loop
and listen to them at night.
And it's changing
the energy of what
has been keeping you stuck.
It's changing the bag of weights
that you've been carrying,
you know the rocks?
LISA GARR: The
subconscious mind.
Yeah, and the
unconscious choices
that we've made,
because what this does
is-- the way the
clearing statement works,
it's like the wall looks solid.
But science tells us
it's 99.999% space.
Well, what if the
limitations in our lives
are just the same
way, we just haven't
been able to see it that
way because of the choices
we've made?
What this does is it literally
is like going back and plucking
the seed out of the ground.
If you can imagine vaporizing
the seed from the limitation,
that's literally what it does.
So it takes all kinds of choices
that you make and creates
that rainbow, rather
than the contraction
that we normally function from.
So then it starts to dissolve
those false limitations that we
put on ourselves around money.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
Around any other
limitation blocking us
from having relationships,
from having health.
Yes, depression, I
mean, that's a big one.
You know, so many people
that come to Access are like,
I'm just not happy.
And I know I should
be able to be.
And it's like, yeah exactly.
First tool I give them is,
who does this belong to?
Because when I was given
this, one of the things that
used to happen for
me 13 years ago was I
would literally
lie in bed and cry.
When my girlfriend left for
work I'd lie in bed and cry
until I had to go to work.
Well, I was given this tool,
who does this belong to?
Put it on a yellow sticky
note by the girl who
did my first Access session.
And I was like, yeah, right,
like that'll work, you know?
And I put it by my clock.
Well, a few days later I was
waking up in one of those moods
again where I felt
like I couldn't do it,
laying in bed
crying, looked over
at the clock to see what time
it was and how long I had,
read who does this belong
to on a yellow sticky note
without even realizing
I was reading it.
And all of that
vanished instantly--
the crying, the depression,
the idea that I couldn't do it.
I find it hard to believe
that a simple statement could
actually unlock
that much energy.
I know.
So did I. And I think-- because
I'm not the brightest tool--
see, I'm not the brightest
tool in the shed that's--
LISA GARR: A limitation.
I'm not the sharpest
tool in the-- yeah.
But, you know, for me I have
to get things in a certain way
sometimes.
I think the reason this happened
for me is so I would actually
know how dynamic it could be.
Because I am the same way.
I was like-- I
thought, really, just
asking a question
like that can actually
create that level of change?
That's impossible.
Well, there-- I do
think, though there's
another layer to it.
I really do believe there
are other dimensions to this.
DAIN HEER: Shh!,
Don't tell anyone.
There's-- there's
something within the work,
the body of Access
Consciousness called the bars.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
LISA GARR: What is that?
DAIN HEER: Oh, it's
32 points in the head.
They have names like
money, body, sexuality,
joy, sadness, healing, power.
And when somebody holds
those points, what happens
is it dissipates the
electromagnetic component
of thought, judgement,
and limitation that you've
been functioning from.
LISA GARR: So was it
from an acupuncture,
or an energetic, or both?
DAIN HEER: It's an energetic.
LISA GARR: Energetic.
DAIN HEER: Now, some
of the bars have
corollaries in other techniques,
but most of them don't.
They were something that Gary
stumbled across 25 years ago
when he started
Access Consciousness
and got the information for,
and started seeing that what
happened was rather than
people-- he just started seeing
that it worked, basically.
Because what I was going
to say is in all of Access,
if it doesn't work,
we don't do it.
We don't say, here, let me
put my hands on your head.
And it doesn't do anything.
And we have thousands
of people doing it.
No, 40 countries around the
world are actually using this.
It's been used in prisons.
It's-- and what it does is
it literally gives you that
sense of space,
you know like you
said that rainbow around you?
LISA GARR: Yes, yes.
Literally, you
receive the bars.
And you go, oh, it can
be this way to be alive.
It's kind of like somebody
transporting you out
into nature.
And you know how after you're
there for 20 minutes to two
hours, it feels like
the weight of the world
comes off of your shoulders?
LISA GARR: Yes.
The bars creates that
effect in your life
walking around right now.
After one session?
15?
Do you learn--
For most people after one.
And, yet, why would
you not have it again?
You know what I mean?
LISA GARR: Right, right.
Because each one releases a
certain amount of limitation
that will never show up again.
But you've been
creating limitation
for a long, long time.
LISA GARR: Right.
And the thing about
it is it literally--
like, there was a lady who
was given six weeks to live
who a friend of hers said, look,
you need to get your bars run.
And she was in Australia.
And the lady had just
learned to run bars.
And so she went to the
lady's house, got her bars
run, forgot her shoes because
she was so excited to be alive.
She walked home.
And she literally had
not been able to walk
more than 100 meters for
two years before that.
LISA GARR: Oh my goodness.
I
Yeah.
So the bars are
energetic access points.
DAIN HEER: Yes.
Specifically in the head.
DAIN HEER: Yes,
specifically in the head.
LISA GARR: That unlock
different-- there's
about 40 points?
Yeah, 32.
32.
Can somebody learn how to
do this on somebody else?
Absolutely.
Yeah, in fact you take an
Access Consciousness bars class,
or if you take the being you
changing the world class that I
offer that's a 3
and 1/2 day class,
the one day bars class
is incorporated in that.
And after that
one day class, you
can actually go out and give
this gift to other people.
You can do it for people.
And, literally, it's like people
who run it on their teenagers--
I love getting emails where
somebody says, thank you,
thank you, thank you.
I don't know what this is.
I don't even know how it works.
And I don't care.
I did it on my teenage daughter.
And she has been a living holy
terror for the last three years
ever since she
became a teenager.
And now every time run her
bars I have three and a half
weeks of peace in the house.
I'm like, you're welcome.
Three and a half weeks.
And then she's like, OK, I
need to run her bars every three
and a half weeks
because it keeps working
for three and a half weeks.
I have no idea why.
That's just what we've
noticed empirically.
OK, can you run
them on yourself?
DAIN HEER: Yes, you can.
-Oh, you can.
In fact, one of the things
that I love to give people
in the classes that
I teach is teach them
how to run their money
bar, because there's
one specifically for money.
And, literally,
what happens is--
LISA GARR: Can you show us?
I'm sure I could.
So here's what you want to do.
You want to take
three of your fingers,
and right-- three
of your fingers
up from this spot in
your ear right here.
OK.
I have no idea if I'm on
the right camera or not.
But right there, that's where
the money bar is located.
Right ear, OK.
Right there, and you
have one on each side.
LISA GARR: On both sides, OK.
And the reason
they're called bars
is because it's kind
like an energy bar
that goes through your head.
Oh, interesting.
Yeah
And what you want to do is you
can hold your hands up there.
Or you can ask it to activate.
Holding your hands
up there is going
to be more effective probably.
But if you do this every
night before you go to bed--
and just keep your hands there
as long as you can-- literally
within three months, maybe
shorter maybe longer,
you'll have an awareness
about money that will change
your stress about it forever.
-That is a huge claim.
-I know.
But, absolutely, what
have you got to lose?
I know, exactly.
Here's the thing is, even if you
don't do it consistently enough
and that doesn't happen,
what you're going to notice
is your stress around
money will start to change.
Well, the fact that you're just
putting your attention on it
every single night in a
neutral way in and of itself
could create a lot of awareness.
Exactly.
And so for me, I don't
care how it happens.
I just want people
to have the change.
Where I was 13 years
ago is a place no one
should have to get to, really.
And now I understand
that happened for you.
And then the reason
why I found out
about you is that so
many other people said
that this is incredible work.
This is an incredible feeling.
And I've just started
to learn about it.
We hear this from-- I
mean, somebody sent me
your book with a
card in it that said,
you really need to
check this guy out.
And then I got
another letter saying,
you really need to check this--
DAIN HEER: Wow.
And then I got an email.
It's been over time.
And so people are experiencing
things that they want to share.
DAIN HEER: Right.
What type of feedback have
you heard around the world?
Well, exactly that,
that people say,
I've been looking to
change this for 20 years.
I got an e-mail just about
five days ago from a lady.
I put out a video that was just
giving some information that I
found, because I love to do
that because this is the info I
needed 13 years ago that it
wasn't out there at the time
that I could find.
And so I do this
free video series.
And this lady sent
me the coolest email.
She said, in just watching
your five-minute video,
she said the 20 years of
wrongness about me that I've
been living in is gone.
It's vanished.
Thank you so much.
That's the possibility.
That's-- it actually
shows in this
piece that you're
about to watch here,
are the people's reactions.
And check out the
space that these people
are in when you see them talk.
Take a look.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You know there are
going to be 10,000
people at this thing
whose bodies need
what we have to talk about?
This unique information,
this stuff nobody else
says, listening to it, talking
to your body, changing things.
I am stoked.
Let's go show them
this so that they can
have a different possibility.
Come on.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My name is Danielle Carter.
I live in St. George, Utah.
And before my first Access
classes with Dr. Dain,
I spent a lot of
the time hiding.
And then most of the time,
I was hiding in my body.
I was a size 16 when I first
took my classes with Dr. Dain.
And then I went in five
months to a size five.
If you want a tiny life, if
you want to hide, don't come.
But if you want
something bigger,
something more expensive,
something wonderful,
something amazing, come.
And then after my private
sessions with Dr. Dain,
that is when my life
just seemed to explode.
I walk through the world
in a different way.
Now everything is such a joy.
And I enjoy people.
I enjoy life.
I enjoy nature.
I enjoy being seen
and doing whatever.
And I enjoy getting
attention, or something that I
never wanted to do before.
When I was on the table,
I didn't really quite
know what to expect.
And Dain didn't
even touch my body.
But what he did to the
energy flow of my body,
it was really phenomenal.
You've generated a lot of
miracles in people's lives,
changed a lot of
things in their bodies.
How did that occur for you?
I really have Gary
to thank for that.
He was the first
person who had or did
anything that truly desired me
to be as great as I could be.
Gary walks into my office.
And he said, look,
just follow the energy.
And do what my body tells you.
You'll know what to do.
And I'm standing across
the room at one point,
probably 15 feet away
from him, doing this.
And he's flopping on
the table like a fish.
it looks like you see a
shaman, or like the wizard
and, you know, I don't
know Harry Potter
or something, with the wand.
And I'm the one doing it?
It blew my mind.
That's where and when
I started stepping
into doing this work that I
do, this energetic synthesis
of being stuff.
I realized I had this ability
to work with the bodies.
At one point, I was working
on one person's body.
And before I knew
it, I was working
on six people at a time.
That went from six
people, to 12, to 24,
to 48, and eventually
to 150 people
all in a room at the same time.
Basically, there's
no words for it.
It's just this big whoa.
It's like this energy
that just goes through you.
And it sort of shows you
what else is possible,
which you wouldn't allow
yourself to see normally.
It's like peace as well.
The energy, space, joy, it was
a scream of life, fantastic.
FEMALE: Are you ever going
to be the same person?
Never, how can--
it's not possible.
You are entering a
different level of life,
different level of
space, a different level
of possibilities.
Thank you, Dave.
[LAUGHTER]
So as part of this, we
have the Kids for Change,
Inc. One of things that's
really close to my heart,
near and dear to me, is
giving kids the opportunities
they need to create a different
future and a different world
than the world we have thus
far been able to create.
What I'd like to do is give
them everything possible that
gives them the fighting
chance and the tools they need
to change not only their lives
and have everything they'd love
to have, and love to
be, show up, but also
the tools to change the world.
So here's the thing
you got to get.
You are the
contribution for change
that the planet requires.
You know what?
If you don't choose it,
no one else is going to.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So you could call
that, basically,
a lightness of being.
I mean, it really does
allow people to shift.
So do they stay in that
space after months?
Or do you have to
keep coming back?
Or--
Actually, most of
them report-- here's
the way it usually
works, is they say,
you know, I used to
have bummer months.
And then it went
to bummer weeks.
And then now it's
like bummer days.
Or if something lasts longer
than a couple of hours,
I know that it's a
really big issue.
So what it does is I had
so many people tell me,
once you do this, you will
be holy, and anointed.
And you will be happy forever.
And I was like, no, I kind
of still want to kill myself.
You know what I mean?
So I don't want to make--
tell anybody anything other
than there is this choice--
this other possibility
that's available.
And that's what I've noticed
with the people that do Access
is the general level of
lightness in their life,
the general level of rainbow
in which they walk around just
starts increasing, and
increasing, and increasing,
and gets more dynamic.
And the other thing
about it is they actually
have the tools to handle
the situations of life that
come up because it
doesn't mean, oh,
bad stuff is going to happen.
Or it doesn't mean that
you're not going to go down.
It's just you'll
stay there less.
It'll be less of a deep slope
d And you'll be able to get
out of it a lot quicker.
So you start to actually
have more joy and more peace.
And you also don't have to
avoid anymore all that stuff
that you've been trying to
avoid that you're afraid of.
When you get a
little taste of that,
then you want more of that.
DAIN HEER: Exactly.
When you get a little
taste of, oh my gosh,
I just spent some time
with the relative who you
used to always bring me down.
All of a sudden, that person
doesn't bring me down.
This might be working.
Let me find out what
the next level is.
DAIN HEER: Right, exactly, yeah.
And that's what
I find happening.
So why do you think you were
attracted to all of this?
You know, that's a
really great question.
I just know I've been
a seeker my whole life.
I'm one of those people who has
always been looking, because I
knew there was more available.
And the beauty of it is
I'm so grateful because I'm
actually living it.
And I'm actually
facilitating other people
and being able to live it.
Not-- once again, not in a
cave, not just in the classroom,
not just in the access
class, but in their lives.
I mean, I had a lady called
me because her daughter
had this headache that she's
had for the last three days.
And it was so intense
that she's been in bed.
And I said, so,
let's ask a question.
Is that actually hers?
You know, this who does this
belong to concept again.
And she went, oh
my gosh, I said,
has anything happened
in her life recently?
She went, oh my gosh, her dad
just fell and hit his head
and was in the
hospital bleeding.
And I went, you think
she might be trying
to help him out and heal him?
LISA GARR: Yeah.
And I asked the
little girl-- I said,
will you put her on
the phone, please?
And I asked her.
I said, let me ask
you a question.
Are you trying to heal dad?
And she went, yes.
LISA GARR: Yes.
And I said, how
does your head feel?
She went, oh, it's
getting better.
And you could feel it lighten
up and go from that-- you know
that contraction when
somebody is in pain,
and when they want to
shut out the world?
Start to get to that rainbow
that you talked about in three
minutes on the phone.
Within two more minutes,
she was running around happy
listening to music.
And she'd been in
bed for three days.
LISA GARR: Wow.
And this is the kind of
thing I see all the time.
But it's not just
something I can do,
not just something
I can facilitate.
It's something I want
to give other people
the tools so they can
do it in their lives
with the people they love.
Well, I mean you
wrote a book called
"Being You Changing the World."
I think you might be up to
something bigger than that.
I'm hoping so.
You know, I mean that's
the general point of view.
It's like, if you
truly get to be you,
you have that energy
of that lightness.
And you can be it
in every situation.
So changing the
world-- how would this
change the world
situation that we're
in, our economic situation?
Yeah, well here's the thing.
If you can actually get people
to come out of judgment--
because what
judgment does is when
you make a judgment nothing
that doesn't match your judgment
can come into your awareness.
So when you judge this is
a bad financial situation,
that's all you can see.
If you can get people to
come out of judgment, come
into question where they
go, OK, the judgment is not
working to create what I want.
What else is possible?
How does it get any
better than this?
And then to have people go,
OK, so everything that doesn't
allow me to change this
money situation right now,
destroy and uncreate it,
right and wrong, good and bad,
pod and pok, all nine
shorts and boys and beyonds.
So doing that-- do you
see how just in that one--
in three minutes,
you can actually
change your entire point
of view which gives you
a different sense of the space.
And what the world really
needs is a lot more of us
with a lot more space
because those that desire
it will be attracted to you.
They will want to know
what you're doing.
And like this little
girl for example,
the next time one
of her friends is
having a stomach ache because
she's trying to heal her mom.
LISA GARR: Yes.
She can go up to her
because she's got credibility
because she's her friend.
Excuse me, is it possible you're
trying to heal someone else?
You know what I mean?
LISA GARR: Yeah.
If the friend is
open to hear it.
So if you are trying to heal
someone else, what do you do?
You pull back that energy?
No, actually what
you do is you say,
hey, body thank you
so much, and thank you
for giving me the awareness
and the information.
Can you please do this
without hurting us?
You have to ask your body
to do it in a different way.
And what's weird
is your body will.
I'll do that as a mother.
I mean, I would of course use
my energy to heal something
that would hurt my child.
DAIN HEER: Absolutely.
So how do you pull that back?
Well, what you do is
you ask-- that could
be it's own show, really.
And yet-- so the real simple
answer is, number one,
see what's actually going on.
And see if you can
shift it in their world
because if they no
longer choose it
you don't have to
try to take it away
using some of these questions,
like what are you sick of?
If that is not an option,
what you do is you go body,
OK, it's obvious
we're going to keep
trying to heal this
person because we
really care about them.
Can you please do
it in a way that's
less invasive and less painful?
And your body is like, sure,
nobody asked me before.
Sure, I can do that,
because your body
has consciousness too.
OK, so I'm going to
put Access Consciousness
to the test a little bit here.
DAIN HEER: Please.
I'm going to ask
you some questions
because I know that
you can handle it.
So what would your
reaction to someone
be that came to you
that said, you know,
I just suddenly lost
the death of a child.
DAIN HEER: Right.
OK, so I mean I'm really
going to put you to the test
here because I want
to see how it works.
So the first
question I would ask
is, OK, so you have this
child who just passed.
Can an infinite being truly die?
OK, so have you lost the being?
Or have you lost their body?
And can you acknowledge also
that because of you're caring
for them, because of your
desire to see their dreams
fulfilled probably
in a way greater
than what you were even able
to create, that this one hurts.
And this one sticks.
And it's OK.
Can you please
acknowledge that it's OK?
And then what I would do
is I would run their bars.
And I would have
them talk about it.
In fact, I've done this.
I literally had
a lady come to me
who had lost her teenage son.
And it was killing her.
I mean, she had been not
going out of her house
for over three months.
And it was destroying her.
She could hardly
walk when she got
to me she was that depressed.
And I said here,
sweetie lie down.
And I just touched her real
gently and put my hands on her.
And I said, tell me everything
that's going on, please.
And I sat there.
And I ran her for
over two hours.
And she got up.
And she had tears in her eyes.
And it was the first
time I'd seen her smile
since she'd been there.
And she started having
that rainbow you talk
about, the energy that she was.
And she gave me a hug.
And she cried.
And she said, thank you.
I think I'm actually
going to live.
And I didn't know how I was
going to get through this.
You didn't know when
she walked in the door
how you were going-- oh, my God.
No, and she said,
I didn't know how I
was going to get through this.
And I had no idea what we were
going to do when she came in.
And to be able to gift
somebody that-- so that's
where I would go with
that particular question.
LISA GARR: Yeah, is to give.
So your desire to
help people get out
of pain they come to you--
attracts many people to come
to you with a lot of pain.
Do you have an infinite
amount to give to people?
Does it ever take
away from Dain?
There are times where it has.
And the thing that I
love about this is I'm
always in a constant state of
change as a result of this.
And I would never
give somebody a tool
or ask them to do it
if I hadn't done it.
The reason I have the life
that I have, of sense of ease
and the sense of energy
and the sense of joy,
is because I use these very
tools that I give other people.
So there are times
where it has, where
it's really made my body tired.
And I find out what it is that's
creating that, and change it.
And maybe it's that I've
just been working too hard.
And my body is going,
shut up, stupid.
Stop working so hard.
I'll change that.
Could be that simple.
Yeah, it could be that simple.
But, yeah, so it's-- what
I realize is we have a far
greater capacity and
a far greater energy
than we've ever acknowledged.
It's time to tap into it.
The world needs us.
Yeah, and we have just
like a minute left.
And there's so much more that
I know that we want to get to.
But if you could just tell me
one last piece about Access
that you want people to know
that I haven't asked you,
can you tell me?
Well, for me, it would
be, what if you truly
could change
anything in your life
that you've wanted to change?
What if these things that
are the money situations,
and the relationship situations,
and the places where you've
been abused or are being
abused, all that stuff what
if it's actually pointing
you in the direction
of your greatness?
What if it's pointing
you in the direction
of knowing that there are
totally different possibilities
available?
And what if you can
change all of it?
And what if you truly being
are the gift and the change
this world requires?
That's a beautiful
way to look at it.
It's an absolute
perspective shifter .
Yeah, that a
perspective shifter.
Is that a word?
It's a perspective shifter.
It's like turbocharging
your perspective
shift possibilities.
Yes, yeah-- and so being
in this state all the time--
of course, if you're
in that light state
then you're able to remember the
questions, and the statements,
and so forth.
Well, I've learned a lot.
I know that there's a
lot more left to learn,
and that you can explore
these different opportunities
and Access Consciousness
on your own as well.
I invite you to go
look up the website
and tap into the energy,
because you deserve it.
We all deserve it.
Thank you so much
for being here.
Thank you so much for having
me Lisa, what a great pleasure.
Absolutely.
And I know that
there's so much more.
I know.
So that's OK.
But that's the whole point.
That's the whole
point, is to give
people an idea of
what it is that Access
Consciousness is about.
Thanks for being here.
I appreciate it.
And if you would like to watch a
replay of my interview with Dr.
Dain here, or share it with
your friends, go to Gaiamtv.com.
There's a lot more thought
provoking interviews
there, inspirational
film, so much more.
So please sign up for
a free trial today
by going to Gaiamtv.com.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay inspired.
[MUSIC PLAYING]